Fix over-range +10 logging (#26)
boredcalendar/bored_project: AGENTS.md

## Local Preview

> - For a plain local dev server, use `vp run dev`. Astro 7 may run the dev server in the background for agents; use `vp run astro dev status`, `vp run astro dev logs`, and `vp run astro dev stop` to inspect or stop it.

Author: ```suggestion
- For a plain local dev server, use `vp run dev --background`. This way the dev server going to start in the background and will let you know the port used; use `vp run astro dev status`, `vp run astro dev logs`, and `vp run astro dev stop` to inspect or stop it.
```
